the best way that you could help prepare for our mission, especially a
strenuous mission, is to give them knowledge about what's to come.
I recently just got off this in serve tour on the USS Blue Ridge. And
as far as the team was concerned, there's thousands and thousands
of jobs to be completed. Their tons and tons of work hours to be had,
Um when I when I got there, I think they were waking up in the morning
and then they wouldn't get to bed until, like, 10 or 11 o'clock
at night when I would get when I would, uh, finally tell him to break
off for the night. And I think one of the issues was they didn't
know how long it would last. Is this gonna be how all of deployment
is gonna be? Is it? Are we gonna ever let up this weekend next month?
When does it stop? If you had a plan about what things they're supposed
to be completed and the amount of time they're supposed to take
and you divided up in the equal portions and they could actually see
what they're working on. Then they come in with a sense of saying,
Hey, you know what? I'm gonna do this thing. And the longer I work,
the closer I get to that goal. And with that in mind, then I think
that will give them a better understanding about what they're supposed
to do with their job. Without that information. Um, you kind of
get depressed. You kind of get like down about how much work there is
to be had.